# Diversity-aware-Mutation-Testing

This repository contains resources regarding the following paper:

> Shin, Donghwan, Shin Yoo, and Doo-Hwan Bae. 
> "A theoretical and empirical study of diversity-aware mutation adequacy criterion." 
> IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 44.10 (2018): 914-931.

This repository provides not a ready-made tool for testing, but a program for experiments;
you can generate various mutation-adequate test suites (from the given test pool) 
using 
* (traditional) kill-only mutation adequacy criterion and
* (diversity-aware) distinguishing mutation adequacy criterion.


## Requirements

* JDK 11 (or higher)

## How to run; basic

All the required resources, 
including test pools (generated by developers, Randoop, and EvoSuite-branch) and mutants (generated by Major),
are there (under `resources/`). 
You can check the mutant-test kill-matrices for each fault. 
For example, if you want to see the kill-matrix of `Chart-1`, you can find `resources/matrices/Chart/Chart.1f.big.all.Matrix.csv`. 
It shows which of the test cases in the test pool kills what mutants.

To generate mutation-adequate test suites using the kill-matrices, you can simply run `src/TS_Experiment.java`. 
Inside, you can find many options you can play with.

If you simply run the file as it is, you will find the output files under `resources/testSuiteSelection_scoreControl`.


## Remarks

Unfortunately, it does not support "good" documentations for details.
You need to take a look the source codes. Sorry.
Of course, you can use the "Issues" board if you have some questions. 
I will try to my best to reply your questions. Thanks!
